5/3/2012
Congrats to Phil Humber for winning Week #2's Stud of the Week. Lets see who takes home the prize this week.

12) Hamels Epidemic - There are a lot of issues with this team. The offense so far lacks a big bat. Pedroia isn't big enough to do it all himself. Maybe Hanley, but he hasn't really stepped it up just yet either. The pitching has been better, and probably has higher hopes. It is too bad that this league didn't reward QS, because Matt Cain would then be making a killing. Although it is still early, there are definitely some concerns here for last year's runner-up.
Stud of the Week: Dan Haren (8IP, 7K, W, 1.13 ERA, 0.75 WHIP)
Dud of the Week: Hanley Ramirez (1R, 1SB, 1RBI, 0.214OPS)


11) Colonel Moustakas (Mark/12th/LW11) - Plain and simple, Albert Pujols needs to start hitting before this team starts to make up ground in the standings. Outside of Yovani's bomb, the pitching was very strong highlighted by two great starts from Comeback of the Year Candidate Johan Santana. The team mascot, Mr. Moustakas, did nothing to discredit his name either.
Stud of the Week: Johan Santana (12.2 IP, 16Ks, 0.71ERA, 0.79WHIP, but no wins)
Dud of the Week: Albert Pujols (0.297OPS and 1R)

10) Broke Ass Met$ (Jay/9th/LW10) - The player known to his fans as "CarGo" has woken up. After watching the damage that LaHair Club did last week he decided to step things up a bit. He attempted to put his entire offense on his back and almost won a couple categories single-handedly. Eventhough he was unsuccessful this is a good sign because as LaHair starts to become "possibly" a bit legit and Tulo, Teixeira and Santana wake up this offense could do a great deal of damage. Lance Lynn continues to be one of the finer stories and shows the weird success that the Cardinals continue to have with random pitchers as he and Matt Garza led this pitching staff in taking 4 of the 5 categories.
Stud of the Week: Carlos Gonzalez (7R, 4HRs, 11RBIs, 2SBs, 1.395OPS)
Dud of the Week: Mark Teixeira (A run, and 1RBI, with a putrid 0.163OPS)

9)ESPN Sucks (Ralphie/4th/LW7) Although a proud owner of one of the worst offenses (so far) in this league the ESPY-haters were able to steal 3 of the offensive categories away from a team that is ranked above them. The continued faith in Giancarlo Stanton finally paid off as he hit his first homerun of the season, while still sporting an OPS below .700. Then for the 2nd week in a row the owner started someone who did not even step on the field in Ryan Zimmerman. This sorry excuse for an organization still finds themselves in the top half of the actual standings, which is amazing, but maybe says something for the talent that might be there if utilized correctly.
Stud of the Week: Corey Hart (6R, 2HRs, 4RBIs, SB, 1.241OPS)
Dud of the Week: The owner for starting Ryan Zimmerman

8) TipToes (Jeff/10th/LW9) - The KC Connection gave their biggest fan some hope, as Billy Butler and Alex Godon connect for a total of 5HRs, 11Rs and 12RBIs in a sweep of the offensive categories for Week #3. You have to think at some point Jose Reyes should wake up. The middle relievers provided 3.2IP of no run ball, which Jose Valverde in turn obliterated. The pitching still is a work in progress but you again have to expect for better numbers from Shields and Verlander in the weeks ahead. To get these stats and still come away with a win in the Week #3 match-up is a good sign.
Stud of the Week: Billy Butler (4R, 3HRs, 7RBIs, 1.097OPS)
Dud of the Week: Jose Reyes (1RBI, 0.328OPS, No Runs or Steals)

7) Much to My Chagrin (Eric/6th/LW5) - A team on the borderline of the playoffs, missing the cut due to its loss to the 6th place team in Week #3. The awakening of 2012 #1 Pick, Miguel Cabrera's, bat has to make a team near the bottom in OPS and run production feel a little bit better. Pitching continues to be this team's stronger suit, but I continue to question how good they really will be over a full season. And you can tell your starters they can put that statement up on the bulletin board.
Stud of the Week: Miguel Cabrera (3R, 3HRs, 8RBIs, 1.173OPS)
Dud of the Week: Hector Santiago (0.1IP of pure entertainment for all other teams, but at least that one out was a K)


6) Average Joe's (Arjun/7th/LW12) - Ouch! Ouch! Here's this week's High Heat! Rising 6 slots Average Joe's has picked things up over the past week. Tim Lincecum stepped up and had two solid winning starts and the offense really picked it up. Youngsters Heyward and Jennings brought the speed, while Bustah Bus Posey, LaRoche and Freese brought the boomstix to lead the Joe's in a sweep of the offensive categories. Now we wait to see if this was just a one week surge or a sign of things to come.
Stud of the Week: Buster Posey (6R, 3HRs, 5RBIs, 1.185OPS)
Dud of the Week: Heath Bell (The Bell was Rung for a 27.00ERA and 7.50WHIP in .2IP)

5) Irish Jews (Kevin/5thPlace/LW6) - This is another team that is doing a good job of treading water while their offensive stars attempt to get healthy. They did just enough to grab a draw in Week #3, thanks in great part by stellar Double Starts from Price (who seems to have righted the ship), CC, and Gio. Swishalicious (who in turn followed his team's theme and got hurt) and Mike Aviles(?!) kept this team in the hunt in the offensive categories, but it was the Milk Man's 3 SBs that got them the one offensive win. This quote from Kevin sums last week up… "Solid battle. You got a little unlucky Sabathia and Gio had 2 starts against you. If not for a rainout the previous Sunday, you win K's and take it 6-4." And so he stays in 5th for now.
Stud of the Week: David Price (15.1IP 2Ws, 12Ks, 1.17ERA, 0.85WHIP)
Dud of the Week: Michael "Cuddles" Cuddyer (4R, 1RBI, .451OPS)

4) I Like Matt Kemp (Rob/8thPlace/LW4) - Bats continue to knock the ball around but pitching continues to try to figure out their identity. Smart move to sit the first pitcher you drafted. And in turn get burned by said smart move. Still early but if Darvish is finding his "Ace" groove, then this team could really get moving in the right direction. The search for a formidable SS continues.
Stud of the Week: Jay Bruce - (7Rs, 4HRs, 10RBIs, 2SBs, 1.685OPS)
Dud of the Week: Robinson Cano (3R, RBI, .668OPS from supposedly the top Fantasy 2B, Ian Kinsler might think otherwise)

3) Team Redemption (Dave W. / 2nd Place / LW2) - A tie this week kept Dave's team right near the top of the standings, but the offense continues to be a bit suspect. The pitching has been stellar, but someone needs to alert Jimmy Rollins the season has started. Congrats to Paul Konerko on getting Homerun #400. Put it on the Board! Yes!
Stud of the Week: Chris Capuano (13.2 IP, 2Ws, 14Ks, 0.66 ERA, 1.10 WHIP)
Dud of the Week: Jimmy Rollins (1R, 2RBI, .325 OPS)

2) Joey Bats (Chris/1st Place/LW3) - A perfect example of why this team still plays little brother to the top spot on the rankings. After Humber pitched a perfect game for Seth, Chris goes out and picks him up for his shelling against the BoSox. The season is early though so maybe he will learn from his mistakes. Oh and I hope Josh got the carebasket I sent him. Still a nice week though from Eddie Encarnacion (Doulbe-E) who has paid off so far this season.
Stud of the Week: Edwin Encarnacion (5R, 3HR, 7RBIs, SB, 1.065 OPS)
Dud of the Week: Phil Humber (Perfect Game Hangover: 5IP, 16.20ERA, 2.20WHIP, 5Ks)

1) Gone Fishing (Seth / 3rd Place / LW1) - Power bats continue to boom as this team continues to have the best bats and bullpen in the league. A bullpen that leads the league in saves but also anchors a great team ERA and WHIP. The addition of a now healthy BJ Upton will also assist in one of its only week areas speed. That is kinda scary
Stud of the Week: Jake Peavy (18IP, W, 12Ks, 0.50 ERA and 0.56WHIP)
Dud of the Week: JJ Hardy (3R, RBI, .527 OPS)


